Update splunk-otel-javaagent to latest (#5029)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

  report higher memory usage, but it will be bound to the same configured limits. If you want to revert to the previous
  behavior, set the `GOGC` environment variable to `100`.
- (Splunk) Upgrade to golang 1.21.12
- (Splunk) Auto Discovery for Linux:

>   - Update `splunk-otel-java` to v2.5.0 for the `splunk-otel-auto-instrumentation` deb/rpm packages. Check the [release notes](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/tag/v2.5.0) for possible breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update `splunk-otel-java` to v2.5.0 for the `splunk-otel-auto-instrumentation` deb/rpm packages. This is a major version bump that includes breaking changes. Check the [release notes](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/tag/v2.5.0) for details about breaking changes.
```
